---
layout: default
---
[back](./full-list.md)

<h1>
Usual day
</h1>
<h4>
Date: 2021-04-27
</h4>
<p>
I'm distracted. My mind is foggy. <br>
There are so many thoughts and I'm trying to calm down but it's doesn't work that easy.<br>
I did a meditation and my mind was everywhere but hot here.<br>
<br>
why?<br>
<br>
I know why very well. I left the reactor to overcome the observer inside myself.<br>
The reactor is dictating my actions and my thoughts now.<br>
I know that is a human thing but I must be better.<br>
I must be like water.<br>
The water never react back or leave its feelings to influence anything else.<br>
The water is formless.<br>
<br>
What should I do now<br>
I still feel the complex mix of feelings - insult, angry, pain, I want to give back in order to feel better.<br>
I don't want to keep it in myself because leaving these feelings in myself will not bring me anything good. <br>
And I will not.<br>
<br>
I'm quite self-aware. It much more than anyone else around me.<br>
I see that people don't realise the truth.<br>
They doubt it and they cannot believe.<br>
They don't fully realise the key so they don't give a lot ot attention of the key.<br>
<br>
And the key... I have the key. I look after the key and keep it in a special place.<br>
A place that nobody has ever been. The key to everything. I have it.<br>
I thought people realise the key but it's not a realisation about the key.<br>
They just know about the key but do nothing. It's such a phenomenon.<br>
<br>
Well, the I have the key. And I will use it in this situation. In this usual day.<br>
The key require one simple thing in order to be powerful. It requires discipline.<br>
My favourite. Like Lincoln, like Eleanor, like Benjamin. They all did it.<br>
If another human being is able to do this, to build this discipline so everyone can.<br>
<br>
Maybe they have also realised that you cannot push to influence.<br>
You must first relax. You must create, achieve, be there.<br>
Nobody has ever changed by pushing. People change by influencing and by inspiration.<br>
Not by pushing, explaining, fighting. None of these work.<br>
<br>
I stop today. I will take another approach from now on.<br>
I will go there and will influence by inspiring not by pushing.<br>
Everyone has its time. My time just came earlier and I learnt the secret earlier.<br>
I must resist my desire to share it now even with my love ones. Even with my closet people.<br>
I will resist my desire to help them now, to give all my efforts to explain them.<br>
Their time will come. I know.<br>
It's a hard choice to make. Damn. It's hard.<br>
A decision is made.<br>




</p>