---
layout: default
---
[back](./full-list.md)

<h1>
A day like any other day..
</h1>
<h4>
Date: 2021-04-21
</h4>
<br>
<p>
Well, I'm at 30 now and that is just 1/3 of my life. <br>
<br>
<strong>So what did I achieve for these 30 years on earth?<br</strong>
Not much yet but this is just the beginning. How many lifes did I change?<br>
How am I going to be remembered by these people?<br>
<br>
I was here... I've might have inspired and changed the lifes of no more than 50 people.<br>
My goal for the next 10 years is to inspire and positively change the life of 5 000 0000 people.<br>
That's the most pleasing feeling.<br>
<br>
I was here... I did. I done.<br>
<br>
I wanna live and to bring the best version of my self earlier in order to give more. <br>
I must bring my best self now - my brain and my body - together. I must prove that every human being can. <br>
<br>
People take actions when inspired. I must inspire and change for good.<br>
I want to show everyone that change is the only constant and the most beautiful thing.<br>
Everyone must seek change and love it. I want to show that we must equally love the ups and the downs.<br>
<br>
I was here... I lived. I loved. I did. I done.<br>
One day, when I'm gone what will be my legacy?<br>
<br>
My legacy... is change, ignorance and obedience.<br>
I want to make more people believe that each human being has the key.<br>
<br>
The key to achieve everything.<br>
The key is called human machine - the key is inside us.<br>
<br>
We don't neet to travel anywhere to find it. We don't need to look at other people to give it to us.<br>
We must do the most difficult thing - to look inside us.<br>
To understand the self. This undiscovered field.<br>
<br>
<br>
I was here..







By observing the principles of strict discipline and three-part formula:<br>
- self-discipline<br>
- positive mental attitude<br>
- honest hard work<br>
I will achieve this goal which will take me one step closer to the biggest goal.<br>

I will build a new self which is required to the next part of my life.<br>
</p>
<br>
-----
<strong>Book:</strong>
[The education of a bodybuilder by Arnold](https://avidano.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/arnold-schwarzeneggereducation-of-bodybuilders.pdf)
<br>
-----
<strong>Check point:</strong>
Bodybuilding Bikini Competition 1-3 Oct 2021
Birmingham, UK




{% comment %} <small>{{ page.date | date: "%-d %B %Y" }}</small>
<h1>{{ page.title }}</h1>

<p class="view">by {{ page.author | default: site.author }}</p>

{{content}}

{% if page.tags %}
  <small>tags: <em>{{ page.tags | join: "</em> - <em>" }}</em></small>
{% endif %} {% endcomment %}
